>> Paul DeBettignies: In order to
have an All-Star status on LinkedIn,
you need these things, all of them.
The three recommendations
part sometimes is difficult.
If you want a new, if you're like me I
hate, I don't like to use the word hate.
Hate's a strong word, but
I hate asking people for recommendations.
I just send them to other people and one
out of three will write one back for me.
[LAUGH] Okay, so
think of your former bosses and
it doesn't need to be in
technology right now.
By the way, I get that for many of you,
you're just getting into this but
this could be your supervisor at
the retail store you worked in a year ago.
But you want to be able to have someone
say some nice things about you,
because that kind of matters a little bit.
But too, but in order to actually,
as a part of LinkedIn's algorithm and
how they rank people for like,
are you the first search result or
the 495th, this plays a part in it.
So in order to have a LinkedIn profile
that they love, it goes by that.